test_data/
test_data//Euphorbia hirta
test_data//Derris elliptica
test_data//Acanthus integrifolius
test_data//Rhodomyrtus tomentosa
test_data//Centella asiatica
test_data//Stereospermum chelonoides
test_data//Clausena indica
test_data//Dioscorea persimilis
test_data//Plukenetia volubilis
test_data//Eupatorium fortunei
test_data//Polyginum cuspidatum
test_data//Phlogacanthus turgidus
test_data//Ardisia sylvestris
test_data//Rhinacanthus nasutus
test_data//Ziziphus mauritiana
test_data//Rauvolfia tetraphylla
test_data//Clycyrrhiza uralensis fish
test_data//Jatropha podagrica
test_data//Citrus aurantifolia
test_data//Nelumbo nucifera
test_data//Pandanus amaryllifolius
test_data//Millettia pulchra
test_data//Berchemia lineata
test_data//Sarcandra glabra
test_data//Capsicum annuum
test_data//Hemerocallis fulva
test_data//Clerodendrum inerme
test_data//Caprifoliaceae
test_data//Ocimum sanctum
test_data//Aloe vera
test_data//Ixora coccinea
test_data//Eleutherine bulbosa
test_data//Syzygium nervosum
test_data//Camellia chrysantha
test_data//Pereskia Sacharosa
test_data//Amomum longiligulare
test_data//Acorus tatarinowii
test_data//Excoecaria sp
test_data//Plumeria rubra
test_data//Tamarindus indica
test_data//Piper betle
test_data//Ficus auriculata
test_data//Ocimum basilicum
test_data//Crinum asiaticum
test_data//Celastrus hindsii
test_data//Bischofia trifoliata
test_data//Calotropis gigantea
test_data//Eupatorium triplinerve
test_data//Catharanthus roseus
test_data//Sansevieria hyacinthoides
test_data//Justicia gendarussa
test_data//Croton oblongifolius
test_data//Mussaenda philippica
test_data//Datura metel
test_data//Fallopia multiflora
test_data//Ruellia tuberosa
test_data//Erythrina variegata
test_data//Tacca subflabellata
test_data//Dimocarpus longan
test_data//Bengal Arum
test_data//Plantago
test_data//Cordyline fruticosa
test_data//Terminalia catappa
test_data//Bidens pilosa
test_data//Solanum Mammosum
test_data//Barleria lupulina
test_data//Vernonia amygdalina
test_data//Tabernaemontana divaricata
test_data//Calophyllum inophyllum
test_data//Parameria Laevigata
test_data//Costus speciosus
test_data//Celosia argentea
test_data//Angelica dahurica
test_data//Abutilon indicum
test_data//Boehmeria nivea
test_data//Zanthoxylum avicennae
test_data//Dianella ensifolia
test_data//Agave americana
test_data//Morinda citrifolia
test_data//Baccaurea sp
test_data//Houttuynia cordata
test_data//Gynura divaricata
test_data//Schefflera heptaphylla
test_data//Micromelum falcatum
test_data//Curculigo orchioides
test_data//Averrhoa carambola
test_data//Psidium guajava
test_data//Mentha Spicata
test_data//Quisqualis indica
test_data//Glochidion eriocarpum
test_data//Ficus racemosa
test_data//Carica papaya
test_data//Ageratum conyzoides
test_data//Hemigraphis glaucescens
test_data//Phrynium placentarium
test_data//Streptocaulon juventas
test_data//Litsea Glutinosa
test_data//Morus alba
test_data//Croton tonkinensis
test_data//Oenanthe javanica
test_data//Piper sarmentosum
test_data//Jasminum sambac
test_data//Moringa oleifera
test_data//Paederia lanuginosa
test_data//Pandanus tectorius
test_data//Holarrhena pubescens
test_data//Glycosmis pentaphylla
test_data//Hibiscus sabdariffa
test_data//Sida acuta Burm
test_data//Iris domestica
test_data//Blackberry Lily
test_data//Cleistocalyx operculatus
test_data//Ophiopogon japonicus
test_data//Jatropha gossypiifolia
test_data//Rauvolfia
test_data//Alocasia macrorrhizos
test_data//Polyscias scutellaria
test_data//Asparagus officinalis
test_data//Gymnema sylvestre
test_data//Psychotria reevesii Wall
test_data//Citrus hystrix
test_data//Polyscias guilfoylei
test_data//Pandanus sp
test_data//Plectranthus amboinicus
test_data//Artocarpus altilis
test_data//Premna serratifolia
test_data//Phyllanthus Reticulatus Poir
test_data//Xanthium strumarium
test_data//Trichanthera gigantea
test_data//Sauropus androgynus
test_data//Euphorbia pulcherrima
test_data//Sanseviera canaliculata Carr
test_data//Senna alata
test_data//Spilanthes acmella
test_data//Zingiber officinale
test_data//Crescentia cujete Lin
test_data//Stachytarpheta jamaicensis
test_data//Lantana camara
test_data//Plumbago indica
test_data//Mangifera
test_data//Vitex negundo
test_data//Spondias dulcis
test_data//Caesalpinia sappan
test_data//Hibiscus rosa sinensis
test_data//Stephania dielsiana
test_data//helicteres hirsuta
test_data//Abrus precatorius
test_data//Mimosa pudica
test_data//Abelmoschus sagittifolius
test_data//Clinacanthus nutans
test_data//Breynia vitis
test_data//Artocarpus heterophyllus
test_data//Artemisia vulgaris
test_data//Coix lacryma-jobi
test_data//Mallotus barbatus
test_data//Kalanchoe pinnata
test_data//Lpomoea sp
test_data//Solanum torvum
test_data//Lawsonia inermis
test_data//Hibiscus mutabilis
test_data//Cymbopogon
test_data//Platycladus orientalis
test_data//Crinum latifolium
test_data//Leea rubra
test_data//Blumea balsamifera
test_data//Eichhoriaceae crassipes
test_data//Alpinia officinarum
test_data//Pouzolzia zeylanica
test_data//Microcos tomentosa
test_data//Asparagus cochinchinensis
test_data//Homalomena occulta
test_data//Polyscias fruticosa
test_data//Ocimum gratissimum
test_data//Tradescantia discolor
test_data//Euphorbia tirucalli
test_data//Passiflora foetida
test_data//Pluchea pteropoda Hemsl
test_data//Lactuca indica
test_data//Melastoma malabathricum
test_data//Jatropha multifida
test_data//Andrographis paniculata
test_data//Callerya speciosa
test_data//Persicaria odorata
test_data//Lonicera dasystyla
test_data//Imperata cylindrica
test_data//Gonocaryum lobbianum
test_data//Euphorbia tithymaloides
test_data//Schefflera venulosa
test_data//Callisia fragrans
test_data//Pseuderanthemum latifolium
test_data//Eurycoma longifolia
test_data//Psychotria rubra
test_data//Ampelopsis cantoniensis
test_data//Allium ramosum
test_data//Dicliptera chinensis
test_data//Excoecaria cochinchinensis
test_data//Curculigo gracilis
test_data//Fructus lycii
test_data//Artocarpus lakoocha
test_data//Maesa
